What's up you guys? Welcome to the imagination.
I'm your host, Emma, and today I'm honored to have
back on the show once again, podcast regular,
United Church minister, turned whistleblower,
Canadian hero, humanitarian, loving father,
published writer and author, public speaker
and podcaster, documentary filmmaker, Nobel Peace
Prize nominee, co-founder of the international
tribunal into crimes of church and state,
righteous soul, and eagle strong voice,
Kevin Annet. In case you've missed any of Kevin's
past episodes or our movie night feature where we
aired his acclaimed documentary, Unrepentant
on this channel, here's a brief intro into his
testimony and background along with some helpful
information on what we'll be talking about today.
Kevin's early life was shaped by compassion and
a call to serve as a United Church minister in
Port Alurnie, British Columbia in the early
1990s. their indigenous survivors of Canada's
residential schools revealed a hidden genocide,
abuse, forced sterilizations, and child deaths
orchestrated by church and state. Kevin's refusal
to stay silent led to his 1997 defrocking, a
historic first for political reasons. Undeterred,
he documented survivors stories and produced the
2006 documentary Unrepentant, which exposed these
atrocities and helped prompt Canada's 2008 apology
to indigenous survivors. His investigations
reached global elites, including the Vatican,
leading him to co-found the International Tribunal
into Crimes of Church and State in 2010. His work
with the International Common Law Court of Justice
contributed to Pope Benedict's 2013 resignation,
a historic event linked to allegations of
church crime. Despite facing smear campaigns,
death threats, and blacklisting, Kevin has
earned Nobel Peace Prize nominations for his
relentless pursuit of justice. Through his radio
program, Here We Stand, in the Republic of Canada,
a movement for self-governance under common law,
Kevin has inspired thousands to reject centralized
power. His tireless advocacy from indigenous
communities to international tribunals amplifies
the marginalized and challenges the powerful. Now
in books he's written like Truthteller Shield,
a manual for whistleblowers and Hellraisers,
the theory and practice of letting your truth
and the truth prevail, which is a powerful manual
for empowering whistleblowers and truth tellers,
and another book, Governing Ourselves, a handbook
on personal, political, and spiritual sovereignty,
which we will be discussing and referring to
today. Kevin distills his decades of struggle
into a powerful guide for liberation. Co-authored
with indigenous elders, legal scholars, and global
activists, the book is both a manifesto
and a practical blueprint. It argues that
true freedom begins with reclaiming personal
agency, rejecting corporate and state control,
and embracing spiritual awakening. Drawing on the
Republic of Canada's experiments with common law
courts and citizens assemblies, this book offers
tools for building self-governing communities
rooted in equality and mutual accountability. It
is a call to action, urging readers to embody the
principle that we are beholden to none, save one
another, and the laws we establish. Kevin's life
is a testament to the power of one individual
to ignite change. From a small church in Port Al
Bernie to a global stage, he has exposed truths
that shook empires and inspired a movement for
sovereignty. As Kevin continues to lead by
example, his story reminds us that courage,
truth, and solidarity can dismantle even the
most entrenched systems of oppression. In a world
hungry for freedom, Kevin stands as a beacon,
showing us how to govern ourselves and build a
future worthy of our highest aspirations. Before
wrapping up the introduction of today's guest,
I'd like to give just a couple quick reminders and
updates. If you're interested in being a guest on
the show, if you wanted to share any information
privately with me, or if you are interested in
submitting a written testimony to be featured on
my Substack, you can reach out to me via email
at imagine a better world2020@gmail.com
or standby survivors at protonmail.com.
Additionally, I've teamed up with a couple
of my favorite brands to offer you exclusive
discount codes on products I love, such as Refe
Technology Frequency Machines and CZTL's Premium
Methylane Blue. You can find all the relevant
links and codes along with other resources
down below in the show notes. Your support
across all platforms is greatly appreciated,
especially as I've had to shift to alternative
streaming platforms such as Rumble and X following
the extreme censorship that caused my last YouTube
channel to be terminated. I've just started a new
YouTube channel and you can subscribe to me there
at the handle Imagination Podcast official that
I am now streaming new episode premieres from
weekly. This transition to multiple platforms
is crucial to continue sharing vital information
with the public and disclosure communities. So,
thank you all on the other side of the screen
for helping to make the imagination the safest
space on the internet for survivor whistleblower
advocate and educator disclosures. Your support
means the absolute world to me and to every guest
on the show. So you guys, without further ado,
please help me in welcoming back today's guest of
honor. Voice for the voiceless, relentless victim
and survivor advocate, passionate purveyor of
truth, content creator, author and writer, human
rights activist, absolute warrior, and a man whose
actions speak louder than any words. The one,
the only Kevin Annit. Kevin, thank you so much for
being here with us again today. It's always such
an honor to have you on. Oh, it's always a joy to
be back. Thank you, Emma. You're so welcome. I'm
excited for for today's topic and you know, we've
had some really great podcast episodes. The thing
I was telling you before we started recording
that I really love about working with you is
you're so knowledgeable about so much. So, there's
so much that we can talk about whether it's as a
big picture or sort of a focused detail. And so,
today I'm really excited for this conversation.
And I think it's really going to help people
feel empowered to take their sovereignty into
their own hands and to sort of have a direction on
how to do that. So I thought maybe we could start
um you're actually working with some groups right
now helping produce and manifest in real life
this exact topic that we're talking about today
personal and um sovereignty throughout a nation
or throughout a community. And so I thought I
would give you an opportunity to share a little
bit about that because it's really revolutionary
what you're doing. Well, in what other more and
more people are doing um in two places in America
and England this last month there's been a real
coalescing of people who some of whom we inspired
but other people have just come forward. It's kind
of like this hundth monkey phenomenon. People have
just come from everywhere all of a sudden and I
mean that is reflected in the fact that we sold
over 1,200 of my books in the last two months.
normally in the same period of time would sell
maybe 50 or 100. So it's going through the roof
now this interest and yeah you you mentioned this
book and they both both in America and England
these new groups are relying heavily on this. I'll
tell you about them. First of all, uh in England
for a number of years, people have been trying to
they've shown kind of a passive interest in what
we're doing in Canada because we're facing the
same uh institution of the crown, right? And this
last month, a organizing committee has formed
to establish a republic, sovereign republic in
England called the Republic of Albon. Albio N.
And uh that's a traditional Gaelic word. It kind
of embraces a lot of the culture there and um it
also reflects the fact that historically there
was a republic in England. It's in under Cromwell
and the Puritans when they cut off the c the head
of the king Charles um in 1649 for 11 years they
had a republic. Parliament abolished the monarchy
and the house of lords and said it was a crime of
treason to reestablish the British monarchy. Well,
um, Charles II comes along, does a military coup,
overthrows the republic, and reestablishes the
monarchy, but it was never a dour or lawful power.
It was kind of a de facto coup, but it it's never
had, in other words, the British crown has not
had lawful authority since 1649. It's a power,
but not a lawful one. And that really helped us
when we set up the Republican Kennetic as we said,
look, it's always been a fiction, literally
the authority of the crown. Well, the folks
in England, they've now reached a critical mass
and they now have organizing committees in four
different areas in Ireland because there is
kind of a cultural and historical affinity
in the north of Ireland, um Scotland, Wales, and
England. Okay? And they they have a flag uh which
they're just uh I'll send it to you later. You can
post it. We uh they're just in the process of kind
of finalizing it, but it'll have the symbols
of those four cultures on it. and um uh they
have agreed to very much follow the setting kind
of the outline we did in Canada which is they've
uh decided on a constitution they're going to go
public and say look this is not just replacing a
figurehead uh knocking out a king and putting
in a president right this is an transformation
from the grassroots so they're they'll be setting
up as we did uh local republic assemblies courts
um their own sheriffs to enforce it, making
the appeal to people to switch allegiance,
nullify their oath of allegiance to Charles
and the crown and take it to constitution. So
reviving the republic, that's in their tradition.
As a matter of fact, it was interesting because
after the republic got overthrown, a lot of those
folks came to came to America to New England.
Um it was interesting early on people know the
story of the Mayflower landing at Plymouth Rock
in 1620. 50 years following that uh there were um
people who used to be in the new model army who
fought with Cromwell who had come over refugees
from England and these folks wrote out the early
statements in Connecticut and Plymouth of what
their republic should look like. that is they
formed the first covenant the first real identity
the new identity people had that we are Americans
because we are governing ourselves we're not
beholden to any ruler any monarch you know
um and so there was that continuity you know from
England to America and the same thing's happening
now because part two of this is in America there
is uh now we're in touch with people in uh 14
different states who are interested in this and
what they're doing is they want to issue a new
Declaration of Independence against the existing
system and they've they've united Democrats and
Republicans because they've lost the old labels.
These are Americans who are saying one of the the
people had at one of these meetings I took part
in on a Zoom call. They had a big flag on the
wall that said neither Republican nor Democrat but
American going back to the roots of who we all are
and making that that unity again. And people are
so hungering for that, right? and um you know this
divisive conflict that's been going on. people now
in America are saying we need a new declaration to
remind us of what to recover our soul to remind
us at the heart of America is the fact that not
only are all people created equal but they remain
equal and they've got to establish their own way
to govern themselves in in the law in politics in
everything so that all the citizens are involved
that you know for example there should be no laws
passed in which we haven't had a say the best laws
come out of our own communities where people get
together and say what do we want how do we want
our communities to be and work that away from the
grassroots. So it's really exciting. They want to
issue this. They haven't set a date but they're
they're holding like what happened in 1770s. U
they're holding constitutional conventions all
over and they're making an appeal to people to
come out from these labels of Republican Democrat.
Forget about the politicians no matter who they
are. This is not an attack on anyone. It's an
a reminder of America is a lot more than its
politicians or its government. It's in the heart
and soul of the people and we're trying to recover
that soul. So it was beautiful. I was had tears
in my eyes after talking to these folks because
it's like you know finally it's happening where
it should because I still believe that America
and what it embodies is the hope of the world in
the sense that you know the common law republic
was a fact here. It wasn't just an nice nice idea.
It's it's it keeps rising up through slavery and
through all of these wrong turns that the country
took. There's this this kind of gyroscope that
keeps bringing us back on course all the time,
right? It and and and that's a sign that the whole
world needs in this age of the corportocracy.
It's either a republic or this corporate monolith
that's at the heart of all of these problems and
crimes we've been talking about. So, those are two
really exciting developments. And um of course,
they want me to come over to England in the fall
and I'll be down in the States as well helping
with all this. But, oh my gosh, it's really great.
me. I love that people are finding your work and
starting to learn about these things. You know,
I can't believe that this stuff isn't common
knowledge to people living in society. You know,
people are just now finding out about this decades
into their life and saying, "Oh, wait. I don't
have to accept what's always been there. I can
use my voice and get a group of people together
and make a change." And I really love that you're
being brought in on behalf of um these different
movements especially that have to do with politics
because unfortunately you know politics I think
was rooted in maybe doing something good and
creating law and order. However, throughout time
and and especially now, the only purpose it really
serves is to get people to hate one another. And
it creates these little pockets of division and
really compartmentalizes people from their own
communities, you know, and then they get so caught
up in idolizing these people that don't know them,
that don't give a crap about them, you know, and
and ultimately we're destroying ourselves from
the inside out because these policies have been
so inverted to work against us, you know. So,
I really love that you're seeing people sick of
that and saying, "What are we doing?" You know,
let's all unite together in our own communities
and and as a nation and throw out these different
divisive tactics. We're better together. And
that really says a lot about your work and the
way that you've presented it that way. Right. And
that's, you know, the power of this book and and
the folks in America and England both said the
same thing about this even though they hadn't
been in communication. They're all just observing
this that the power of this it combines all three
personal political spiritual and I go into detail
of what that looks like and not just me there was
this was actually co-written with five other
people people in our republic movement in in
also from other countries uh you know like
Tom House he's a traditional Ojiway elder
who I've known for many years who is sits on
the national council of the republic in Canada
um and so when you said politics the you know
in here We explain that the word comes from the
Greek word polus p o l i s and all that meant in
in the Greek language was the city because they
were referring to Athens which was the first place
in the world that people practice participatory
democracy not representative where you sign your
authority away to one guy and he does whatever
he wants and you only have a say you know at the
next election. Somebody did a funny cartoon. It
shows a guy in a holding up a piece of paper paper
and there's 10 X's on it and he says here's your
lifetime ration of democracy, right? 10 crosses
every time you vote. And Jeanjac Rouso in the
social contract in the 1700s he wrote that he said
in the English system of representative democracy
you only have a moment of freedom when you choose
somebody but then you lose freedom again because
they are representing you right that's not
the Athenian model. 500 years before Christ,
they had a model in ancient Athens which
was better than what we brought now. And
first of all, every citizen was expected to
participate. So they had big assemblies and
um now of course citizen meant the non-slaves
and women of course weren't included. Okay,
so there's that. But in terms of their world,
all of the males had the right and and duty,
not just the right, but the obligation to attend
these big assemblies where they were pass laws and
they would all take turns in being the archon,
which was like the the lawmaker. Um, you know,
and to enforce the laws and to sit in the courts
and everything. So, you draw lots and say, "Okay,
Emma's the judge this month." Okay. No, you
got to take that responsibility. That way,
it's always shared. It's equalized, right? the
responsibility and the power. And not only that,
but we get the word ostracize, okay, from this
Greek word ostrachon. And that was a little piece
of pottery. And whenever they didn't like somebody
who was in power, they'd write his name on the
ostrachon and vote him out. He'd be ostracized. He
would be removed from office. He was accountable
at all times. So it was kind of like a contract.
You have a contract with somebody. You say, "Okay,
I'll do this if you do this." But if either side
violates a contract, boom, you can walk. It's null
on board right away. That's the way government
should be. You know, um if if people have voted
somebody to we don't use the word representative
in the Republic of Canada. We we say delegate
because they're delegated to do a job by the
people. If they don't do the job, the people go,
you're out. Because the power resides, like any
American who reads their constitutions knows,
the power resides in the people. There isn't a
government separate from the will of the people.
People combine and create a government and they
can remove it at any time. That's the simple idea
that that we're reviving in in people that that
memory, right? Um and so we go into the detail
first about the political and um there there's you
know the personal spiritual is is other aspects we
can talk about as well. Absolutely. I wanted you
to I would love for people to purchase this book.
Um, one thing I really love about your books,
and I mentioned this to you before we came on,
you don't write books leading people to different
cliffhers of keep buying, keep buying, depend on
me to give you, you know, to lead you to where you
need to be. You write the literal blueprints of
how somebody can empower themselves 100% and not
need anybody to do so in your books. And I think
this one is a really great example of about that.
And I wanted you to just maybe share anything else
that you wanted people to know about it because
I think this is a really important one especially
because you do cover the personal, political, and
spiritual aspects of our sovereignty. And this is
on Amazon for people listening. Um you can get it
from Kevin's website, too. It'll take you right to
the Amazon page. Um I'll link both and and we'll
have a couple other book recommendations too on
these topics for you guys. Right. So the uh we
start in the book with the political because
that kind of affects everybody. But part two is
spiritual sovereignty. And the example I use to
best understand this because everyone it's kind
of a funny term. I make a distinction in the book
between religion and spirituality. And I say well
religion is kind of like comparing religion and
spirituality is if if uh spirit which is from
the Greek word numa breath right it's inherent
in all of us. But religion is kind of like the
weather report describing the wind, right? It
it's describing something all the time. And and
it comes from the a word in Latin meaning to tie
people together religion. So it's it's this kind
of a natural bringing everyone together in one
kind of group. I mean that's like a a how empires
operate, right? But spirit is inherent within all
of us like our rights, like you know the common
law, all of that. And by analogy in America,
the way it happened was remember I mentioned
the folks who came over from England as kind of
refugees when the monarchy was reestablished. They
were instrumental in in um the first principle was
in our because we were seeking their independence
as a spiritual communities, right? Uh the Puritans
and others, they didn't want a king or a pope.
They they believed in Christ as the head of
the church. And to practice that they set up
their own self-governing congregations where
they would elect their own minister, right? And
like Baptists today in America, they do the same
thing. You can as a you see this all the time.
You don't need a theological education. There's
no church hierarchy. Every congregation, every
community governs themselves and they elect their
own minister, right? Um that was the model among
the Puritans in the 1600s when they're up there in
New England. Well, naturally the political system
evolved out of that because in their town meetings
and everything, they said, "Well, we're we govern
ourselves spiritually. Why wouldn't we politically
as well?" So, when you have that sense that we're
all endowed by the creator with the same nature,
right? We're all part of that oneness, why would
we have a hierarchy? We don't have a hierarchy
spiritually. Why would we have one politically
and invest all power in a few people like who can,
you know, pass laws without a permission, write
executive orders, and everybody has to go along
with it? That's got nothing to do with true
self-governance and what America's all about. So,
it it evolved naturally from the spiritual
sovereign into the political. And uh the the
personal is a a harder one in a way to deal with.
Um, let me we'll get into that, but let me just
if you have any comments or questions about any of
that. Yeah, I would love to get more into it. And
before we do, um, I wanted to bring up a couple
other book recommendations that we were going to
share real quick. Um, just on these topics,
um, because again, I think I think your work
is really important and it's so affordable. It's
right here on Amazon. People can get it in just a
couple days. Um, and so I would love to just help
set up people for, you know, that for that freedom
and sovereignty and to learn more about it. So I
thought maybe if you wanted to just talk a little
bit about the case for for Canada and then also
the whistleblowers manual real quick and then we
can dig deeper into topics into personal we'll go
back to the personal sovereignty because that's
really important one. Um, okay. Yeah. Case for
Canada. So this was uh in 2015 in January we had a
convention in Winnipeg over 200 delegates about a
third of them indigenous people and we established
the framework like what they're doing right now
in England there had creating a constitution
which really embodies the vision of what the
republic should be and um we adopted originally
we had a flag with an eagle on a tree and then
the native people said well what about the two
row wampam now the two wampam was the first
original treaty between the eastern woodland
natives and the Europeans when they came over. And
the Europeans needed the natives in the east, both
in America and Canada, because they were important
in the fur trade. They were military allies when
the French and the English were fighting each
other. And so it was expedient for the Europeans
to sign this treaty. And but what it said is that
these two represent the the blue lines represent
the Europeans and the indigenous going down
the river together. One in their own ship, one
in their own canoe. And that was the notion that
we will share the land together. It won't be one
over another. Right now the Europeans went against
that. They broke that covenant with the natives,
of course. Um like in America they said natives
are just like they still say they're um they're
like dependencies on the there's only America
law and we don't recognize native sovereignty
or anything like that. And in Canada is worse
because they're all wards of the crown which means
they don't even have legal status. They're not
citizens. So Europeans kind of abregated that but
indigen the traditional native people still hold
to it and say our vision is that we will share
the land together and that's what the Republic
of Canada is. It's the model for it is it's a
federation of different sovereign nations within
the one umbrella of Canada and um that and the
three stars represent the English, the French and
the indigenous founding nations. So in the book we
lay out how we put that vision into practice with
the assemblies. Um also training people and that's
why you know I'm so glad about the show today
because I hope we can use it as a practical kind
of training school. uh like this a visual manual
of what we're talking about with people who've
gone from the 90% of people who are still watching
and and kind of not sure to the minority who are
taking the next step to organize and put this into
practice. And what we saying here all the time is
uh you have to understand your own history as a
people. Not what you get taught in school but the
living history. And we've described that like we
go into detail about like there was an attempted
rebellion in Canada against the crown in 1837 and
it got defeated. It's one of the reasons the crown
and the church has had such power here. Um but
all of that is again based on a fraudulent power
called the crown. We can revoke and step out of
it at any point. And we we give people a kind of
how-to process of of just like we do in the common
law training manual about how to set up a common
law court. We showed you how on the ground you can
do this. And we've had some really great times,
some fun times. Like for example, uh when we
formed the assembly in Vancouver, we went out
uh and did a flag raising. We had a bag piper. It
was so stirring. It was a Scottish in me coming
out, right? It just brought tears to my eyes. This
bag piper was playing. There was a whole group of
us there and we brought down the Canadian flag
and raised the Republic of Canada flag, right?
And then there was about two dozen people there
uh who were newcomers. They all in unison took
the oath of allegiance to the republic. So they
revoked their their allegiance to Queen Elizabeth
and her descendants and the Canadian government
and laws and we took it to the the republic and
they signed their citizenship cards. And at that
point they operated within their own jurisdiction
and that is so powerful when people do that
together because then they say okay we have an
obligation to protect each other now to work with
each other. It's kind of a glue that brings people
together rather than just another idea floating
around the internet that never like I say it's
uh ideas by themselves are like steam okay it
dissipates all over u but but a when you're doing
u the republic and the common courts you need a
piston to move the steam so the rather the steam
moves the piston that's you bring together the
vision the spirit with the practical organization
And then you get movement. But you can't
have it without with steam or a piston on
on them by themselves. Don't do it. You need
their combination. And that's how we view this
work. You know, the ideas are the first step in
the discussion, but it's got to lead to these
practical operations. You know, so we're thinking
I say to people, don't think theoretically
anymore. Think operationally, right? And think of
how you're going to put it into operation in your
own neighborhood. Absolutely. And then we have
gone over this one in depth on um on a another
episode. Um but this is one of my favorite books
just because it really fits the theme over all of
this podcast and people listening, but I think it
also definitely complements the topic today which
is your whistleblower manual. Yeah. Well, I mean,
I had fun writing it because I was just drawing on
my own experience and writing it in a very kind of
basic way for people. So, that um honestly, okay,
we're dealing with big institutions and that's to
our advantage because they have a set way they can
operate, but we can maneuver. We have the freedom
to to outmaneuver them. And here's how you do it.
And I kind of lead it through. first thing they're
going to do if you're ever targeted for anything
uh and you you hold some evidence or some
important information that they don't want coming
out, the first thing they're going to do to you is
is it's all about silence in you. So, they don't
want to get too heavy because that draws more
attention to you. So, they seduce you by saying,
um, oh, we can work this out. Uh, just don't go
to the press. We can work this out. Now, most
people want to do that. They don't want to have a
confrontation. If they think they can, you know,
work it out with any hassle, they will. What? And
that that's what happened to me. They said, "Okay,
let's negotiate." When they fired me without cause
highlighted these disappeared children and the
land deals and everything going on, the land theft
by the church and big money and the government,
they said they we went into negotiation, but
all that did stretched out over four months. At
the end, they canled the negotiations. It was
just designed to tie me up so that I couldn't
go public with stuff. And that gave them the
time to destroy evidence, silence witnesses,
arrange their own narrative so that when I
did go public, they could say, "Oh yeah, well,
we've we know about, you know, Kevin, he's got a
bad history, blah, blah, blah." They had all their
PR guys in place. They needed time to do that.
So, what I say to people in here is that whenever
you're you're holding important evidence and
you're willing to go public with it, just do it.
Don't wait for anybody else. Don't rely on
your adversary to do the right thing because
they never will. They're they have two priorities
in a corporation whether it's church, government,
business, anybody. Um efficiency and growth,
right? They have to hold on and these are machine
priorities not human priorities, right? and uh
they have to sustain themselves and people you
know inconvenient whistleblowers or whoever get
in the way of that. So they have a whole protocol
that we've learned about how they deal with people
like us. And so we go into all the lessons of that
and of course Sunsu and the art of war. I say to
people, if you really want an education, go to
the back of this book and read the 50 points, the
excerpts from SunSu. And um you know, you'll learn
a lot right there because uh something as basic
as never operate on the terrain of your enemy or
you've lost the battle. And that's what everybody
does. When you get upset, what do you do? You have
a protest. Well, they're ready for protests.
They want protests, you know, because you're,
no matter how angry or determined people are,
you're still asking for something from somebody
in authority and all they have to do is ignore you
and there goes your power. But if you don't worry
about asking like we did eventually after many
mistakes and years of struggle on this, we said,
"Okay, well, we'll set up our commonal courts
and put you guys on trial. Now you have to answer
this." And look at the disproportionate effect.
Two dozen of us force out the truth in Canada.
We go on to force rat singinger out of power
because they don't know what to do when you're
taking the initiative all the time and you know
it's always basic strategy that you have to hold
that initiative at all time and set the train of
battle and do everything on your terms and that's
in a way kind of leads us to the whole issue of
personal sovereignty because that's difficult for
people because we haven't learned that we haven't
learned how to govern ourselves yet but this is
one of the ways you learn by learning. You know,
the best teacher is a black eye, right? I mean,
you learn from it. And as long as you don't
give up and it's a tragedy when people give up
because then how do they apply all the brutality
they've been through? How do you pass it on to
the people if you're just going to crawl away and
die somewhere? So, we can't do that. We've got to
share at all times what we've been through with
each other, right? 100%. Yes. And like I said,
these books are all on Amazon. I would highly
recommend purchasing them and especially if
you guys know other people who are are sort of
thought leaders like you. These make really great
gifts or recommendations also and they support
Kevin so he can keep doing this work. So these
are all on Amazon. Um the truth tellers shield
the whistleblower manual. Um like I said that
one can really apply to to anybody and everybody
watching this channel. I think that's something
that's a theme throughout every single episode
is is that courage and sometimes there's a lot
to learn in the hardest things that we could ever
go through and these conversations demonstrate
that and hearing Kevin's personal experience um
is really inspiring for what he's learned as a
whistleblower and they're very positive things.
And we also just did an episode with Juliet Engel.
Um that was really along those lines also on that
personal sovereignty and and whistleblowing and
lessons learned and how to keep going. So I'm
going to have that episode linked below. If you
guys missed that one, definitely go back and watch
it. It was a really beautiful episode. But Kevin,
let's talk more about the personal aspect of
this. Right. So, um, we're raised in a culture
that's very atomized and individualized. So, we
talk about individual rights like they're an end
in themselves rather than just part of a bigger
collective. And um the the genius of the American
Constitution was that they balance both. Like it
said, we have unalienable liberties. Nobody can
can take those from you. They're born in you, but
they only exist when you practice them. But you
don't practice them in isolation from everybody
else because I mean the the best quote about that
was right as the Civil War was starting in 1861.
Abraham Lincoln um let me read this. He said,
"Many of our countrymen speak of liberty and we
are much in want of a proper definition of the
word. Some men see liberty as a right to do
what they will with themselves while others
see it as a right to do what they will with
other men." Referring to slavery. Right? Here
we have two different and mutually exclusive
understandings of the same word yet each side
calling it the same thing, liberty. Right? So
when people say freedom, what are they talking
about? Is it like my freedom to do whatever
I want? No. Uh in the French Constitution,
in the French Revolution, they said in 1792, they
said freedom is the right to do anything that
doesn't harm another. Okay? So that's a simple
thing. your right doesn't then boom cross over
somebody else's right and then it's not a right
it's a privilege and I experienced that when we
formed the first assemblies um because in some
of these communities the people were fairly well
off I remember we had a on Vancouver Island in a
place called Parksville we had a meeting in this
guy's it was a mansion it was like a really big
big house and a lot of these other people were
either retired or they had professions they had
good careers but they were upset about the COVID
restrictions Right. And they didn't want to have
the restrictions. And I said, "Well, actually,
these restrictions have been on a lot of people."
And they they said, "What do you mean?" I said,
"Oh, well, native people under the Indian Act, you
can't refuse medical treatment. Like since 1874,
it's been like that in Canada." Um, they had to
have special passes to leave the reservation or
they' go to jail. And they still operate under
that. And they're all sitting there. Well,
but what does that have to do with CO? And I
said, "Well, why do you think they can get away
with CO?" because they were trying it out on
all these other groups. So, we've got to see
beyond our living room here and they didn't like
that. Some people thought it was cool, but most
people were threatened by that. And frankly, that
assembly fell apart quick because they were just
thinking of themselves and they wanted to hold.
And I said, well, if a right is just for you,
it's a privilege and you're trying to hold on
to a privilege. But a right only exists when
it's for everybody. Okay? everybody including the
ones they're calling you know illegal immigrants
and all that we're all human beings we all have
the right you know a country based on immigration
the country that grew up because you know the
statue of liberty there saying you're welcome
because we want the model of the republic to be
shared with everyone all over the world you know
um so that idea of individual versus collective
in the American constitution the idea was that you
only get individual liberties is secured when the
whole republic is intact. Like John Adams said,
unless we have a virtuous citizenry, you can't
have a republic. A virtuous people are always
thinking of their neighbor. They're not just
thinking of themselves. They want to take care of
the neighbor. And I was raised that way in my my
family in Winnipeg because we were descended from
this kind of extended Scottish clan. And in the
Scottish clan system, like with the indigenous,
um, everybody takes care of everybody else. You
don't I was raised to think and to and to practice
um you don't worry about yourself. You worry about
each other and then you hold each other up. The
individual is sacri but only as part of the nation
right and um and so that's how they come together.
The personal but people of raised in a very
individualistic culture um you know me me first
and they equate that with liberty. it doesn't
work. Um because you're always fighting somebody
else and guess who profits from that. You know,
when everyone's fighting everybody else, you get
a few elites coming in and they say, "Well, then
trust me." Right? Um and and it was interesting.
Another really good guy to read is his name is
Alexis Dtoqueville and he was a French nobleman
uh aristocrat who came to America in the 1830s.
He wrote a book called Democracy in America.
And as an outsider, it's brilliant because he sees
things that Americans don't. And he said, "America
will be prone to dictatorship because everyone and
every farmer," he went around the country and look
because most people are living on the land and
they had their own farm and everything, very few
of them were city dwellers. And he said, "Everyone
is so concerned about their individual liberty,
which is unique. You don't see that in in Europe,
the idea of individual rights, but everyone is so
concerned about their own life that the the job of
politics and governance will be then handed over
to a few people and that will lead to tyranny. So
America has that that black and white kind of two
aspects, two-headed aspects to them. You know,
everyone's talking about liberty, but in fact,
look at, you know, the electoral college system.
The Supreme Court are all political appointees.
um you know a few people in charge get the
right to say well we don't agree with the
election results us electors should put this
guy in instead of the one who got most votes
right I mean that's that was all designed to keep
power in the hands of a few while talking about
liberty for all so we've got to get from kind of
that's why the thing in America is so exciting
this new development because we're getting back
to the original notion that the I is part of we
and they're not separate at all and um so anyway
That's a new idea for some people, but it's really
at the heart of what liberty really is about
if it's meant for everybody. Right. Right. Now,
sort of piggybacking off of the Declaration
of Independence here in America, what does it
usually take to overturn something like that to
where it can be instituted on a national level or
a local level as the new law, the new um the new
declaration? Uh how does that work? Like do you
do you know like a percentage of the population
that has to get on board with that or what it
takes to overturn something like that? Well, it's
funny because states have different precedents for
that and like in America it's you know there state
governments are almost autonomous. I mean like you
look at a state like Vermont and its laws and then
compare it to South Carolina and it's like whoa
different countries right? Um but they they have
a tradition. I know I'll give you an example in
Pennsylvania um and I I worked with a group there
who enacted this. It was beautiful to watch. In
Pennsylvania it says uh people have the right to
uh devolve power back to their community. And it's
called having a home rule charter. And you don't
need a percentage of the people. You just need u
Americans in a community to write up this charter.
And you can pass your own laws which are more
valid than the state law. And the example in in in
case the case in point was um about 10 years ago
now in Pennsylvania in um in a county in central
Pennsylvania um Adams County I believe they u
the Pennsylvania General Energy was going to take
frack water. Now you know fracking it's u polluted
water right and they were going to dump it on
the land and about 700 people live there and this
woman and her daughter uh they're amazing people
they got together and they started going around
door to door and saying everybody Republican and
Democrat and people who never voted they said look
we got to unite here and stop this so they they
headed assembly they passed the home rule charter
and their first law was they abolished all dumping
of wastewater land uh fracking on their land. They
had a long legal battle for it and um eventually
they won. It took them a long time, but they just
stuck to their guns and they just cited the P
Pennsylvania State Constitution. So this is the
beauty of America. It's already there. Like in
in Canada and England, well Canada especially,
we've never had self-governance. We've never had
it. So we do have to challenge the system head on.
In America, you just have to take it back. You
just have to reclaim it. What's already there,
it's already there in the hearts and minds of
people. And it's also there in your own laws.
But a lot of those laws are being nullified now
with this corporate system we've got. Like I've
told you the examples of these guys in Texas
who set up a common law group and they all got
targeted and some of them are doing like a hundred
years in jail, right, for not appearing in court.
It's just um my friend in in Chicago, he went
into the Catholic church and handed the priest
a copy of my book and said, "Are you aware of
this policy of criminal where Catholic priests
have to and any Catholic has to cover up child
abuse?" The priest calls the police. The police
come and arrest my friend for talking to a priest
and they hand him a ticket and said, "You're up to
appear in court." He walks into a room. It's not a
court. with a camera staring at him and the voice
out of the camera says, "How do you plead?" And
he said, "For what? You're not a court. You're a
camera." He said, "You have to plead or you'll go
to jail." Said, "This is not due process. It's not
a court." And he pled not guilty and they put him
in jail anyway. Like, does that sound like the law
to you? Does that sound like due process? That's
what goes on all the time. And especially with
the fervor now over immigration and the ICE has a
bigger budget than any other federal agency now.
It's huge. And it's all about stripping people
of their inherent liberties and locking them away
for the private prison industry, right? And the
for-profit prisons, if you look at a map of them,
like a big company like Geo, which is one of the
biggest for-profit prisons all over the South,
all over Texas and the southern states, and
they make money by getting judges on their
payroll to criminalize misdemeanors like failure
to repair in court. 20 years bang because you're
making lots of money for GEO that way and uh
the attorney general in Washington Pondi is
a former lobbyist for the private prisons till
2019 and she's the attorney general helping them
by saying okay hit people hard with sentences
so that we can profit and that's so in a way in
theory it's all there in America what we need
but at the same time there's this other entity
that's come in which has almost turned everything
the clock right back. So in a practical sense,
Americans do have to have another revolution
literally. And the more people you have in it,
the less violent it is, right? You get go to the
police, you say stop, you know, stop serving this
this corporate power and get back to what you
know the republic supposed to be. But that can
only happen if you've got something to present to
them as an alternative. And that's why like the
um one of the guys John Bradley who's uh chairing
one of these con they call them constitutional
conventions they set up a constitutional assembly
that reestablishes the republic in their community
and they say this is the republic now because you
can't find in Washington you can't find in the
courts um and you know they in the FBI and RCMP
training manual says now and I've seen a copy of
this anyone who uses the word sovereignty is a
potential domestic terrorist. What? Well, that
would include Thomas Jefferson, John Adams, all
the founding fathers are now domestic terrorists.
So, they've hyped up the police to think, oh, you
talk sovereignty, you talk the Bill of Rights,
and you're a terrorist. It's like it's this
counterrevolution that's happened and we have
to get back to who we are. And that's kind
of the reality of what we're in right now,
right? Absolutely. Yes. And so in working with
people to establish sovereignty in all these
different levels and especially for example these
groups that that you're currently working with,
um I'd like for you to talk a little bit
maybe about some obstacles, some roadblocks,
some things to expect along the way and sort of
how you help groups and how you've done yourself,
how you've navigated those different things. cuz
obviously this all sounds so great and we need to
empower people to to go through that and to be
able to get through it whenever there's those
different things that might try to deter them.
It's not easy. It's you got to be honest with
people right up front. Say we're not promising you
anything. There's no quick fix for this because
it's taken years and years for this thing to come
into place, this corporate dictatorship we're in.
Right? And so it's a lifelong commitment and it's
something you have to teach your children because
they're going to be involved in this. It's not
going to happen overnight, but there's ways that
we've learned that you can act now to increase
the odds on more in our favor. Um, first of all,
you don't go public right away and you don't
invite all these people into an assembly because
it falls apart quickly because there's no common
ground. there's different levels of understanding
and commitment and it it becomes crazy that people
are it's like trying to hurt cats. You're just
there's no common ground. So what you do is you
find a few people who are aware who've known each
other because you can't do this work without trust
and knowing each other and you form a little cell
group of three or four people and you start doing
things in small ways um and probing and finding
out local sympathetic police and and doing the
education process and eventually you get you each
of let's say you have a cell of three people. Each
one of those three goes out and recruits three
other people and you you go through a training
education process and then after a while there's
12 of you and so you can then sign a charter and
form a local republic assembly. That way you know
each other and if the boot comes down you split
off into the cell groups again, right? And it's
more secure. It's like what you do in a in a
police state. you have and when you read tales
from like resistance movements like the French
resistance and I've talked to people who were in
it during World War II when I was younger and they
all operated that way. They had to have the cell
groups because they couldn't be infiltrated as
easily. You know, if you have a big organization,
it'll get taken out and I've been through that a
lot. I know like all the signs. So, start small
but realize that in your in your smallness is
your strength and you can keep control over it,
right? It isn't some organization run by experts,
you know, and you see that a lot on the internet,
like I'm the expert. Follow this blueprint
and you've you'll be free. But they're just
talking to individuals. They don't have a sense of
okay, but how do we does that work for the whole
community? Right? So that's kind of like basic
common sense, but the thing that's lacking is
the the determination, the will to carry on all
the time. And it's exciting when your when your
life finds that purpose. You know, the kind
of the personal things we deal with in a day,
they suddenly lose their importance. Um I my dad
had a a story from the Korean War where he said,
um there was this medic in their unit and they
were under fire and he would always be running
around tending people and people were saying, you
know, look at this guy. He's right out there on
the front lines. He has no fear. And he got hit
by shrapnel. Boom, boom, boom. and he's running
around bleeding from the shrapnel and somebody
says, "Do you need help?" He says,"I don't have
time for shrapnel. I'm too busy here." Right? And
I always remember that quote like, "I don't have
time for this." Like, "Okay, so I'm hit with
shrapnel. Doesn't matter. These guys are dying
over here." Okay? And that's what the difference
between commitment and u just uh being observer,
right? Because when you learn under fire is the
only way to learn that what happens to you. Yeah,
it matters. But it's not as important as if you're
just sitting there in a room by yourself where
you become so totally self-obsessed and and
the culture feeds into that, right? You know,
um all the time they try to get you just kept
in your little mental bubble and not connect
with other people. So once you get out there
and start doing things and I say to people,
it doesn't even matter what you do, just do
something. Like Napoleon said when he was asked,
"How do you plan a battle?" He said, "I never
plan a battle. I start something and I see what
happens." Because a battle of any kind is like
life. It shifts all the time. It's constantly
in motion and shifts and all your blueprints go
out the window. You've got to always be observant
on the ground what's going on and adapt and think
in new strategies and tactics thinking creatively
like that, right? So, it's a very exciting
process because you have a sense after a
while of waking up for the first time, right? Um
people under fire say, "I never felt more alive
than when when we're getting shot at." Because
life achieves like finally see the meaning of
it. Every moment of life is so precious. You've
got to use every moment and as opposed to kind
of this nineto-five dead existence were raised to
think that is life and it isn't. Right. So yeah,
that story really touches my heart. It's a
really relatable way of sort of explaining
how myself and I think everybody that you know
every whistleblower, every survivor going forward,
that's like a big question I'm sure you get and
something that's come up on the show sometimes
is you know pursuing action despite the obstacles
that come in your path. And I think that really
does come from elevating your your purpose to
something bigger than you. You know, of course,
we have a part in it and we have to take care
of ourselves through it to make sure that we can
sustain the endurance and the marathon. Like you
said, change just doesn't happen right overnight
because we get passionate about something. But I
think it helps also really sort of deflect those
bullets that that come towards us too because
it's like how we see in your story. You've been
defamed. You've had everything taken from you.
You've had smear campaigns. I mean, the whole
gambit has been thrown at you. you know, quarter
million dollar smear campaigns against one man,
you know, and so I'm sure you get asked all the
time, you know, how did you keep going or why did
you keep going? And I think when we understand
the the consequence of not going forward,
the cost of human life in the case of what
we're talking about, you know, genocide,
when you think about that, that that's still
happening. This isn't just the past that you're
talking about, even though you referenced the
past because that was where your journey started,
but this is still going on today. And so the cost
of not moving forward is this continuing and it's
still just being covered up. And so I feel like
when we know something and when we know change
needs to take place, there's an honor in carrying
that because we get to carry that for the people
that didn't make it out of those situations and
that are still in it that wish that they could be
in our shoes. You know, I try to think about these
kids in these schools that you advocate for and,
you know, all the different types of survivors
that you advocate for of all different, you know,
abuse types, but how any of those children would
just give anything to be able to have a voice,
you know, especially as they grow into an adult
if they survive these systems, you know? So,
it really is like it becomes an honor to get to
fight and the bullets don't you you almost sort
of repel them naturally because it's like go ahead
and attack me. Like, it's not about me. I'm doing
this for other people. So, go ahead and attack
me all you want, but I need to go, you know,
into this burning building and get these people
out. You know, you can shoot at me all you want,
but there's people being hurt right now that I
need to attend to. Well, that thing about the
burning building is really important. I'm glad you
raised it because there's a a if you see a child
in a burning building, you don't worry about
the flames. There's this natural thing and you
don't have to be the child's mother either. Anyone
will boom, go in there and what is that? I mean,
it's it's so inherent in us, right? And um that's
why I say to people um for your own, you know,
kind of well-being, you can never do anything by
yourself because they love that. Then they go,
"Oh, good. We're going to make an example of this
person." Bang. Throw them away for 20 years. When
people tell the horror stories, I always say,
"Yeah, but the person in a way brought it on
themselves because they tried to do it on their
own." You never just declare, "I'm not paying
taxes to Uncle Sam anymore." No, you form an
assembly and pass a law and say, "We're keeping
federal tax on our community. and 50 people do
that. It's harder to target target 50 than one.
So, we got to start thinking together, you know,
not just how to do it, but doing it together at
all times. You never like another tip, you never
go in if you want to challenge somebody or you
go into a court or whatever, you never go by
yourself. You always have two or three witnesses
and somebody with a camera so you have a record
of everything. And so just learning to operate
that way is a new way of thinking for people but
it's it's essential otherwise you don't last long
and you get used and you know I mean I've seen too
many people who do that who don't learn the lesson
and that's what these books are all about passing
the on these truths right yes and so speaking of
court obviously that is a big part of this is
trying to get some type of of law established
in our communities that becomes in official
law and overwrites whatever wasn't working. Um,
how do we enforce these court orders? Like what's
important to know about going to court? At what
point would would a group want to do that and
what do they need to prepare for that? Well,
we're talking about exactly that issue with
this group in Texas that's been so targeted. And
uh the first problem was they went into the
existing courts and what's set up now. They're
not courts of law operating according to due
process. They're more like military courts,
administrative tribunals, where there's no due
process. You're not assumed to be innocent. Uh
you're assumed to be guilty and it's up to you.
Like like in a a heresy trial in the Middle Ages
or what I went through. You have to go along and
agree with the system and help destroy yourself.
Otherwise, you get, you know, you're you're
somehow looking guilty for not doing that. So,
you don't go into the existing what are called
courts at all. And if they try to come for you,
there's ways you can defend yourself. It always
involves other people. It declans going to the
police locally and saying, you know, that I don't
recognize that jurisdiction of that court over
me. And in fact, there's things like habius
corpus and mandamus rits that you can you can
uh file in local court registry and it says
I'm transferring if you're being targeted. If
there's a case against you, you say, "Okay, but
I'm transferring the jurisdiction from this false
court that has no authority over me into our own
common law court, which we've established here,
which does have jurisdiction because it's based on
universal common law." And uh and so we, you know,
we've helped people do that, but you need a
team around you to do that. And that's why I
say don't ever try it on your own. Don't go into
their jurisdiction. contact us and we can help
bring that's what I do 90% of the time now with
people just bringing that support and knowledge
to bear so that you don't walk in and put the
noose around your own neck which often happens
um enforcement the power of enforcement in common
courts is tremendous because everyone is empowered
to enforce the verdict right in a common and
that's why Ringer after we convicted him he
hid out in the Vatican till the day he died
because he knew anyone can enforce that vertic
against him to arrest the guy. Um you know so
any citizen is obligated to be deputized by
a sheriff Kamla sheriff and in in effect made
into a posy. Uh now that's got western movies
and that have made it seem like a posi is like a
lynch mob. It isn't. It comes from a Latin term
from the English Shy communities in the Middle
Ages. And every able-bodied man was expected to
help defend the community. So somebody was found
guilty of of murder or for example, everyone the
posi were deputized local sheriffs who would then
go and arrest the person to make sure they didn't
harm anyone. Everyone has a obligation to do
that. So you know this verdict, I say to people,
we're holding this gun in our hand. We don't
even realize the power of what we've done. Every
Catholic priest in the world is part of a criminal
conspiracy to protect child rapists. That means
you have the right to go and not just arrest
them as individuals but seize, you know, their
buildings and assets, you know, and they have and
they know that. You see, they're not stupid. They
know people have that power now, but they rely
on people's fear and ignorance, you know, to to
not to prevent that enforcement of that. But we
could reclaim the whole world tomorrow if people
knew that because we own the world inherently.
All of us, you know, according to natural law,
right? Especially when the people in power
so-called power are convicted criminals. Yes.
Exactly. And that's a hard realization, but you
know, it it really is empowering to learn how our
world works and then to realize that, hey, we've
been letting all these people just rule over us.
We've just been sitting back watching. It's time
for us. like we can actually be the leaders of our
world and take matters into our own hands. And
so kind of speaking of that, so you established
the International Tribunal into Crimes of Church
and State. You mentioned a couple of these other
groups have established a group that has a name.
Um what would you recommend if people do want to
have a group? Is it important to have sort of an
established organizational name? Do they need to
incorporate? Um what's kind of a step to do um
that's the most effective in your opinion? Well,
not incorporate because that's the system. You
know that corpus means corpse dead. You know,
you're you becoming a dead thing. Uh we don't
do any of that. We um it's good to have a name
and identity. You know that you know we belong
to this now, right? We don't belong to the old
system. That's why citizenship cards, a flag, um
you know, a name for ourselves is very important.
So um that yeah that's absolutely part of this
whole process right thing to understand as well
is that um allegiances are something drilled into
somebody's head from birth and it's very hard to
get people to switch an allegiance. So we don't
language is very important. We don't use the word
allegiance. Um it's slave master slave language
like please and thank you. these terms we're all
tra you know it's like subordinate um to plea in
court to make a plea it's like you're pleading
to the slave master right like these are terms
all designed to program you to like the word
arrogant taught that's bad to be arrogant um it
the Italian word it comes from arrogati means to
claim for yourself okay so why is that a bad thing
it isn't but your brain wants to think when you're
outget you're being bad Right? And and so you see
the way we're all drilled to be functional slaves,
even though don't they don't call it that,
right? So when you start breaking out of that,
um you can't it's too much of a mental shock
to tell people we're ending this and beginning
this. You say, "No, we're reclaiming we're
reclaiming something that was always ours,
but we've been kept in the dark. We're being kept
asleep about all this stuff. Now awaken to this
and just reclaim it." Because once you reclaim
it, enough people do that, their whole system goes
into the toilet because it's parasitic. It's
a form of energy vampireism. It feeds off our
attention. That's why I say to people, turn off
the internet, folks. Those people don't matter.
You know, look in the mirror, look at each other.
That's that's how you get your power back. Thank
you for sharing that. That's really interesting.
I actually didn't know that even though I've I've
thought about how strange it is that confidence
is looked at you know they don't it's it's rarely
heard that that that word arrogant and confidence
sort of goes hand in hand but it's always denoted
as this negative thing you know arrogance
arrogance ego arrogance when I think when
people don't have that then like you said they're
very submissive and they give their power away to
ar to actual arrogance people in the definition
that society thinks that it is. Somebody is going
to have power over us if it's not us. You
know, if we don't take our own power back,
then we're going to give it to somebody else to
rule us, you know, for us. And so, I think that
that's a really important distinction and it's
really actually interesting how how, you know,
we've sort of forgotten the roots of some of these
words, even genocide, like how we talked about
the first time that that we chatted. Well, it's
funny. I actually start the book in the intro here
uh with best examples are from her own family. And
so when my daughter Elellanar was really little,
she had two favorite expressions. She always
said, "You're not the boss of me." To everybody.
She would say that to everybody and her teachers
in school. You're not the boss of me. Which is
true. Nobody's our boss. She also said, "But why?
Why, Daddy? Why? Why?" She was always asking why.
She had to know for herself because she knew
that Elellanar was governing herself. She said,
"I govern myself." Right now, you know, that's
so common sense and it's every child knows that
and that's why everything's designed to
batter that out of them, that awareness,
make them afraid of themselves, right?
That way. But I always think that yeah,
the examples are so close to home. We just
have to see it in our own family, our own life,
right? Yeah. We forget to that we have the power
to ask why. and that we deserve an answer if
there's going to be a law or somebody trying to
govern over us or tell us what to do instead of
just accepting it. You know, we'll complain about
stuff without addressing that and saying, "Well,
why?" You know, can we learn the reasons and make
sure that this is a good outcome at the end first
before this is just thrown on us as being the law
or a rule or something that we have to abide by.
Yeah. And and kind of a PS on that story, Ellaner
is now studying law. No way. America. Proud dad.
She Oh, I'm very proud of her. She's like me.
She's like me. It's like human rights law, uh,
women in the law and and that kind of thing. So,
she's a humanitarian like you. Well, she's Yeah,
it carries on. I mean, and that's a metaphor
for all of us like we are obligated to the next
generation to pass this on, right? So absolutely
on their shoulders. Yeah. And so in this quest
going back to sort of the talking about getting
people together, taking action in your experience,
what have been some of the the big successes that
you can share? And then also on the other end,
what are some of the kind of pitfalls or failures
that that you've gone through that that you've
learned from and that we can learn from with you?
Well, there have been so many victories, you know,
and people expect huge immediate results from
victory. I think it's part of the movie culture,
you know, when you see these things in television
or movies. But, um, the victories are because it's
all human. It's very, very personal and very
up close. And, you know, when I saw people
who couldn't even like the example of William
Kums being in the church with us that day when
the sound of a church bell would terrify him, make
him vomit and there he is. He's like a new person.
just the power of that. And when everyone saw him
like that, we were in tears. We were embracing
each other when we walked out of the church
because we knew we had turned the tide there.
And sure enough, that same month, the government
started talking about apologies and missing
children directly because we were occupying those
churches. And the look in the eyes of those people
and the sense we had among each other. These are
mostly poor Aboriginal people who've been under
the boot their whole life, okay, and traumatized
and tortured from a young age. The hope in their
eyes suddenly we caused that. Okay, we caused
that. That was a victory that went boom. It it it
just had it's still having a ripple effect, right?
And you know when you tell people that they think
well how could David have brought down Goliath
like that like is that it doesn't sound possible
but you got to experience once you experience it
you know it's very possible it's more possible
than people realize right that we've had a lot
of things like that and um I mean another victory
you there were 20,000 of us marching through the
streets of London right when the pro when Pope
Benedict came to London it was called the protest
the pope march The organizers expected 500 people,
20,000 show up and we had the downtown part
of London so shut down. Normally the London
cops put in these barriers and guide people on
we people were just pushing the barriers back.
weren't afraid and the cops were kind of standing
impotently over at the side not knowing what to
do but there was 20,000 and we're passing Canada
house which is the Canadian embassy right into
Fogger Square and I thought oh [__] this is too
good an opportunity to pass up so I pull out the
bullhorn and I start saying to people I start
talking about the Canadian genocide and these
British people are really funny they're going
oh no not Canada that couldn't have happened in
Canada oh my god we didn't know anything about
this and they start applauding and cheering
And one funny thing that happened, I I hear
a voice behind me. Oh, very well done. And
I look around and there's Gandalf, you know, the
actor who plays Gandalf uh in Lord of the Rings,
uh Ian Mckllen. Okay, he's standing there. He's
kind of he's like 6'4. He's kind of standing
above me. He said, "Well done. Well done." And
um I said, "Well, talk about this." And he said,
"I certainly will." And then gave me a crushing
handshake and uh carried on with his group. Right.
But I thought like all of those things, it's just
such beautiful memories and um you know, you've
got them on the run at that point when people are
that united and that happy. And I always say to
people, I've gotten my my greatest joys in life
when my daughters were born and I helped deliver
them, but also um at those moments when people are
united and they realize they can change the world,
right? and and those are the the the heartfelt
victories that they never steal from you. They
always carry on those memories. Um the things
that um the other side of the coin you said the
uh mistakes or was it how did you put it? Yeah,
I guess the kind of the pitfalls, the failures,
the when you in a way when you uh you build up
in your enthusiasm, you can say to people, okay,
we're going to you can promise them things that
you may not be able to deliver and that's not
a good thing because when people get up their
hopes and then it they crash, it's worse than
if you never tried it. Yeah. And and it's set up
that way. That's why they like the government and
churches and others lead you down blind alleys,
right? And say, "Okay, well, just come to court
and we'll give you compensation." And then they
don't. That that whole thing about the residential
school survivors, they led them on with the
belief that they could get justice through the
courts. And in fact, they get a gag order and very
little money and people, you know, I knew people
would kill themselves in despair after that. So,
it's designed to do that, the opposite of what I
just talked about, the victory. It's designed to
discourage, make people despairing, and then lock
back up in their little poles again, right, where
they won't do anything. So, you got to be careful
the way, never promise too much. Don't take people
down blind alleys. Um, and yet be be bold in
those moments that come along. And again quoting
Napoleon in every battle there is one moment of
decisive moment. The key the great art is to seize
that moment. Okay? So when you're you're part of a
movement you'll see opportunities come along and
if you strike at that moment strategically at the
right place like we did, you win, you know, and
doesn't matter how big the bad guy is, you'll win.
And and so that's misjudging the moment that can
you you're going to learn to think strategically
all the time, right? Yeah. 100%. And I'd love
to hear a little bit about sort of you have been
very successful both with educating yourself on
this and then implementing it into actual action.
And you've obviously with your own work, you've
been helping seize the land and recover the church
buildings, you know, from this sort of evil uh
generational, I should say, multi-generational
um system that has been inhabiting it. I'd
love to hear a little bit about how you've
been sort of deestablishing this genocide that
is happening in the church and crowns, you know,
cuz I think it's really neat just to see kind of
your work in action and so that way we can sort of
wrap our minds around things that we can do with
whatever the causes that we're fighting for. Well,
you know, where the it's worked, it's always among
uh groups of people who already know each other
and are working together and it tends to happen in
small towns. So, for example, like in a big city,
there's a big cathedral with people going in.
It's kind of hard to imagine, well, how do you
occupy that? And like unless you've got people
who've already tried it, right? Where it's worked,
and I've been there at these moments, native
people just say, "To hell with us. We're going
in." And they go in and tell the priest to get
out. And in Canada, the advantage is it's not
politically very wise to start locking up a lot
of native people for just asserting their their
land right. And they have the right to seize those
churches, the law of reparation. The church has
done so much damage to their people that they
have every right to take that as reparations
because they never got any financial compensation
of any kind. And they've been the churches built
on their land without asking permission. So that's
Chief Kapalano when we occupied the churches in
Vancouver. He had filed a a thing in Supreme Court
of British Columbia saying they're I'm ordering
them off our land at that point. And he made me
his legal agent so I can enforce that. That's why
the police never stopped our church occupations.
I showed them the court order and I said, "We have
every right to do this. They're the criminals.
They have a policy to protect child rapists. Help
us arrest them." And at that point, the police
always leave. You know, they don't intervene. They
don't help. but they don't hang around. So, you've
got a great lever in those situations. And I've
seen like there was one uh up north in northern
BC where a group of grandmothers went in and
during a Catholic mass and they just went into the
pulpit and they ordered everybody out. They said,
"This is our land. You use this church to kill
our people now. Get out." Just told them to
get out and they took it over. The Mounties were
outside with a little cruiser and the light going,
but they never did anything. Right. It's funny.
The Mounties would come to me as the only white
guy and ask me and I said, "I'm not in charge. Go
talk to the grandmothers." And they didn't want to
do that, right? I said, "You want to arrest some
grandmothers? Like, we'll film this. You guys will
be on the evening news. Come on, go ahead." So,
you gota you have we have so much power. It's just
the frustrating thing is people aren't trained
to how to exercise it and and we tend to want to
follow an example and you know and that's why you
do have to lead by example but we just got to get
those stories and those and film those incidents
and get them out. We did have that posted but
again taken out swabbed out very quickly like the
time in Liverpool England where this was about 15
years ago now there was a judge imposing illegal
county taxes. So the local common law group, some
of these people are now involved in organizing
the republic um their Liverpool branch, but uh
the Republic of Albon in England, but they got
about 300 guys together, women, I say God, men and
women. Um and they went into the court and they
physically took the judge out of the seat, disroed
him and put somebody else in and they nullified
the county tax and fired him. And the judge were
last seen kind of scurrying out of the courtroom.
And it's funny because in the American Revolution
before the first shots were fired at Concord in
Lexington. That's exactly what they did. Like the
Green Mountain Boys in Vermont, they would go
into Crown Courts, burn up the mortgage deeds
because the crownbacked New York finance series
were just buying up everybody's land and evicting
the farmers. They go in, they threw the court.
Uh, and there's a cartoon of a crown judge running
down to the ship to get on the boat to go back to
England because the Green Mountain Boys had taken
over the court and burned all the mortgage deeds.
That's the first shots that were fired, right? And
um, they knew strike where the problem was. And
that's the same thing like 250 years later doing
the same thing. You know, you're that's why in
in Chile a few years ago, the Mapuchi Indians
burned like 25 Catholic churches to the ground
because they were seizing the local native land.
They were trafficking the children out of the
churches. So, the Mapuche said, "Screw you. Your
churches are gone." And Burggalio, Pope Francis,
was besieged in the papal palace in San Diego. He
couldn't get out. There's a crowd of 2,000 angry
papuches outside besieging the pope in the palace.
It's like, but again, how often do you hear these
stories? You only hear it from the people who did
it, right? So that's why I I really cherish
your u broadcasts because we're getting these
real stories out to people, you know. Yeah. And
and on my channel, there's been so many different
establishments that have been whistleblown to
be corrupt from universities to Freemason lodges
to churches to schools. Um, you know, there's no
shortage of establishments in our own community,
courts included, police stations, police officers.
You know, there's so much corruption that's right
around us in our community. And and I love that
reminder that we can do things peacefully without
violence, making a point by getting people
together that approach things a certain way.
And just because maybe, you know, it doesn't seem
polite to like go right in and sort of protest
against something that we overcome that and be
like, well, is it polite what they're doing to
kids or is it polite what they're doing? Like,
we need to go in and make a difference and bring
awareness to this and to also take our power back
from worrying about, you know, the nuance of what
will people think of me if I take a stand against
this in my own community. That's right. you know,
and uh you never worry about what's official
anyway because corruption exists because of
apathy. We help curb the corruption by doing
nothing about it. So don't point your not you but
anyone who points corruption points at corruption
say well why aren't you doing something about it
right? It's not it's not just a matter of like
the system rests on corruption. The system of
greed and self-interest requires corruption.
Right? So we morally replace that and bring
in people's power governing themselves. You won't
have corruption, you know, because you're telling
people to go to the high ground and out of act
out of your virtue and not your self-interest,
greed. And we don't have to adapt to this filth
anymore around us. And uh we teach that. I hope
that for example this interview we're doing be
great to show it to children in school. Show it
to high school students. Say start thinking about
these things. It's in your hands. I'll be dead in
however many number of years. It's up to you guys,
men and women. And so, speaking of time, more
generations to come. You've been whistleblowing
for decades and and working at this and getting
other groups to help and and it's been a very slow
process, I'm sure, of educating and then getting
people off their, you know, off their butts to
go take action and especially in groups. Um,
talk about what's at stake. What is the time that
we have left? you know, do we still have decades
and generations or what have you seen in your time
and how time is accelerating and how we're keeping
up with it? You know, I think with the technology
at play and what's going on in the world and
clearly a move to create these corporate spheres,
uh, run, you know, running the world, um, the
whole plan to, um, really turn the human race into
functional robots, cybernetic organisms through
the technology, it's happening exponentially
quicker all the time. And I don't know in 10 years
or 5 years it may be so locked in that there is no
way to fight it. And I think we people have to see
the urgency of this. It's something right on our
doorstep happening right now. Because it hasn't
hit you doesn't mean it's not happening right and
you'll see it hit you when when the knock comes in
your door and then it'll be too late. So I would
say to people this has to be the priority of your
life and if not what life will we have right so
that urgency I also see lacking in people you know
um it's a matter of life and death now right yes
and I appreciate you sharing that too because I
think that's we always think we have more time
you know but we don't realize how every day that
goes by every year they're able to advance what
they're doing exponentially because they have
more resources and more power. They have more
sort of permission, less people standing up,
more technology, you know. So I my hope always is
that people feel that urgency along with us and
again feel compelled to get up and do something
about it. Go ahead. They are they are because
like we started talking about the new movements in
England and America. Talking to those people, they
say the same thing I see all the time. There's a
huge ground swell of opposition everywhere now.
And it's like when you study revolutions in the
past, every time like a month before the outbreak
happens, people are all saying the same thing.
It's not going to happen in our lifetime. People
are too apathetic. There's not doing anything.
Next thing you know, bang, the Bastile has fallen,
right? And I mean, things always work that
way. It's it's it's like an iceberg. Most of
it you don't see. It's under underground under the
water. But boom, one day, you know, it'll surface
and sooner than later. And so that's why this
knowledge is essential and why we need to organize
have the steam and the piston both operating now
to get our movement going. Right. Yes. Exactly.
And one more question that I had for you and then
if there's anything else that you want to cover,
I'll give you some. This is good. Yeah. Um I think
I always love again learning lessons from you. And
of course there's the action that we talked about
about sitting idally, knowing something's wrong,
and then actually getting up and and trying to
expose it or do something about it. But you've
gone an extra step to where you're trying to not
just expose it but stop it. Can you talk about
that transition for you and sort of your mindset
in those two different things? Because exposing
and stopping are very different. And I think
that's where we need to move as as a society
is stopping, right? And stopping means create
alternative. And we can talk about that, you know,
in the abstract, but it's only in your life
experience that you you learn these things. And I
made that mistake early on. I thought it was just
a matter of educating people. You know, I think
the Quakers have the saying, speak truth to power
as if doing that is going to get the power to go,
"Oh my god, we're wrong. You mean we're hurting
people?" It assumes a moral capacity on the rulers
that doesn't exist because a corporation has no
morality. It's just about its own survival. And
you advance high up in the hierarchy by being
like that, by being a functional psychopath.
So you can't appeal to the morals. And we talk
about that in our handbooks. You don't rely on
the system at all. Right? Um I had to learn that
the hard way. Uh and I only learned it because
everything in my life was ripped apart and I had
to create something new. And I think the best
fighters are the people who are like that. Like
the native people who occupied those churches with
me and a few others. They didn't have any life
left over. They could take the risk, right? And
realize that they had to do it. Um what did they
have to lose, right? And I think we'll eventually
get to that point. enough of us are getting to
that point where our backs are to the wall and
like Sunsu says in the art of war, never push an
enemy into a corner because then they really come
on fighting because I know they're going to die.
So, and I think we got to have our sense of our
own mortality in this. I think that's why I'm more
impassionate all the time because I can see the
end of my life closer than the beginning, right?
And I realize, okay, every moment has to count in
this and we're all going to die. The question
is on what terms and what are you going to
leave behind, right? Not this idea that we're not
going to, right? There's a we all have an expiry
date and what are you going to do between now and
then? It's going to be in our mind all the time,
right? Absolutely. you know, and and sort of from
my own perspective this week, you brought up Pam
Bondi here in the United States and we're sort
of facing a crisis as a nation and you're seeing
it before it's happening in a group of people
who are just saying screw politics like why are
we participating in this, you know, but but we
are seeing more and more people that, you know,
they're having faith in these saviors that are
that they're they think that they're electing into
office to create change and then they're being let
down and starting to question everything. Well,
if they lied about this, if they're not, for
example, going to release the Epstein list,
what else were they lying about? Was the
assassination attempt a lie? Was this a
lie? Were the other promises that they made a lie?
You know, so it is really neat to see sort of that
critical thought process starting to infuse itself
back into society. But it's just like you said,
and I think that you're just such a great example
of of words are great, but what action are you
taking and what are you actively trying to do to
not just educate because people don't know always
what to do with education. You know, we've been
educating on things for a long time. There's no
lack of people that believe and know on some level
that corruption is happening. But taking action
to actually stop it is different than exposing it.
And that differentiation and what you've done with
your path, I think, is heroic. Kevin, it makes an
impact. It inspires people and it's so wonderful
that people like you exist. You know, it gives me
hope. It gives me a purpose to keep going knowing
that there's people like you out there. And I know
that it it inspires people that that hear you and
feel relief of, oh my gosh, I can do this, too.
But thank God there's people out there actually
doing something because I felt so hopeless. You
will become your own hero. You will help create
many heroes because we all are. We all have the
potential within us to do that. I mean, it's just
I was just an ordinary guy, but I just didn't give
up. And people said, "Well, you're not ordinary,
so fine, maybe I'm not." But that doesn't matter
anymore than who sits in the White House matters,
right? Like that's the trouble with with the
people or the problem. Everyone thinks about them
too much. They don't they don't matter ultimately.
Know yourself and act on the heroism that you feel
and and you'll be a hero, too, and you'll inspire
many others. So, I'm passing that torch on. That's
where we're talking today, right? An ordinary man
who has done extraordinary things. And so Kevin,
tell us where we can connect with you. Let's maybe
remind people of the book recommendations that we
talked about and then your websites. Governor
and ourselves and um the case for Canada um
these get these on Amazon and through my website
murderby.com. I'm at angelfire101protonail.com.
and do arrange something in our communities
where um I can come and speak and also send
people to you who are in your area because like
I say, I'll be giving you updates soon about
this new declaration of independence, the new
constitutional assembly setting up around America
and the new republic of Albon in England. And
then you're also at Republic of Canada too.org.
Thank you. Yes. I want to show um on my channel
and there's also a link that I always put in
the show notes um Kevin's incredible documentary
Unrepentant which actually features him features
the voices of survivors sharing their stories and
shares about the systemic genocide as well as what
what they were doing about it at this time and and
the different progresses that they were making.
It's just an extraordinary piece of work that has
really stood the test of time and is still so,
if not more accurate and important today to watch
than even back then. This was way before its time,
the stuff that you were talking about here, but
and so timely for today for people to learn from.
So, I did air this on on my channel, so you can
go and actually watch it right on the channel
that you're watching right now. Um, and he's also
has sort of a more official version that's on a
different channel that I always link in the show
notes. And then Kevin, you do you do podcasts on
so many other podcasts right now, including
Sean Atwood, which is amazing because I know
that that's helping sort of get your work out to
different people in this community on a very large
platform. But you have your own show, too. Could
you talk just a little bit about that? Radio Free
Canada. It's um every first and third Sunday of
every month, and it's at uh 12 noon Eastern time.
bbsradio.comradio free Canada and we're going to
be using that with the give it as a platform for
the new American republic movement starting up
so you'll hear more of those folks there thank
you Emma this has been really fantastic and I know
we'll use this broadcast really well yes this was
a a jam-packed episode that I think somebody
could listen to over and over and over again
and a really great one too for all ages like you
said you know some of these shows can be a little
bit explicit this is a really good one to share if
you do have high schooler kids or you know younger
generations or if you guys are in any groups or
can share this um with people that would find
value in it. I would really appreciate that. Um
I'll have Kevin's books linked below, especially
the three that that we talked about today. Um
that way you guys can go empower yourselves,
learn how you guys can take action in your own
communities, and of course support Kevin so he can
continue doing this work. It's really important
that we support people creating resources for us
and and Kevin has no shortage of them. Um, you
can also visit Murder by Decree, his website,
um, which will take you to his platform or
I should say his page that has a listing of
all of his books. Kevin has tons of books. So,
um, we're just sharing three main ones today,
but from his website, you can go check out his
entire library, which is extremely impressive.
I'll have his documentary below, his radio show,
all his other websites, Republic of Canada. Um,
and Kevin, it's just a joy having you on. You're
a wealth of knowledge and inspiration, and you you
are a true hero. Thank you, Emma. You're welcome.
And thank you guys for listening. Of course,
we'll have Kevin back on again soon. Um, we have
so much with him that we can talk about. We're
really lucky. But again, share this episode.
I'll have my links in the show notes as well,
you guys. Thank you so much for listening.
God bless you all and we will see you next